NAME
      python3 books.py - finds specific books or authors from books1.csv based on a search string or search years

SYNOPSIS
      python3 books.py -t STRING [-ts|-ys]
      python3 books.py -a STRING
      python3 books.py -y START_YEAR END_YEAR

DESCRIPTION
      Finds books based on specific search string using one of two options -- title, publication year. For search by title, books are sorted by title on default. A flag can be set to sort by publication year. For search by publication years, books are sorted by publication with tiebreaker by title.

      Can also find list of authors based on specific search string. For search by author, authors are sorted alphabetically by author surname, breaking ties by given name.
      
      All searches are case insensitive.
            
      Note: --title, --author, and --year cannot be combined. A search may only be conducted on exactly one of the three options.



      -t, --title
           Searches for books with search string in the title
      -ts, --titlesort
          sorts books by title; is the default sort. ONLY works with -t command
      -ys, --yearsort
          sorts book by publication year, tiebreak by title. ONLY works with -t command
      -a, --author
          Searches for authors with search string in author's first and/or last name. An author's name is formatted as "GIVEN_NAME SURNAME" where GIVEN_NAME is the author's given name and SURNAME is the author's surname e. g. python3 books.py -a 'y o' will list the author "Tommy Orange"
      -y, --year
          Searches for books published between START_YEAR and END_YEAR inclusive. START_YEAR and END_YEAR must both be included.
      -h, --help
          displays this help and exits

EXAMPLE
	python3 books.py -t life -ts
		Find all books with 'life' in the title and display them alphabetically by title.

	python3 books.py -t life -ys
		Find all books with 'life' in the title and display them ordered by publication year, ascending.
	
	python3 books.py -a brontë
		Find all authors with 'brontë' in their name and display them ordered alphabetically by surname.

	python3 books.py -y 1900 1999
		Find all books published between 1900 and 1999 and display them ordered by publication year, ascending.
		
    